[tense music playing]
The secretary general
of the United Nations has a case file.
You bring me that file.
and I'll give you the location of where
the Foxglove weapon is being assembled.
and where Ms. Larkin
is currently being held captive.
[men grunting]
[guard grunting]
[Solomon] Get in the trunk.
- [Catherine grunting]
- [gun firing]
- [Solomon grunting]
- [high-pitched ringing]
[Peter] This is an ICC criminal case file.
- About who?
- His name is Viktor Bala.
He's a war criminal
being held at The Hague.
I hope it wasn't too much trouble.
No. it just cost me my face and my prints.
Ah. It'll be wiped clean by the morning.
Your secret's safe with me.
on one condition.
When I call. you answer.
- What happened here?
- They have it.
- [Catherine] K.X.?
- [Rose] Markus and his men left hours ago.
They took a whole batch of canisters
with them.
- Where are they?
- The UN.
[Viktor] The Western world
thinks us savages.
and yet they peddle
the very instrument of that savagery.
It's time. Markus.
[Rose] What would happen if these
canisters were distributed into an HVAC?
[Wilfred] People would suffocate
in the streets. Horrific mass casualty.
We are weaponizing
a massive terror attack.
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[woman] All this to say.
we couldn't shape future generations
without the support
of incredible alums like Tony.
- So a toast. Anthony Ming.
- [music fades]
[all] Cheers!
And now. presenting the Anthony Ming
Center for Entrepreneurship.
[audience applauding. cheering]
[indistinct chatter]
[birds chirping]
Parasites. all of them.
Trying to latch on
to the fattest bull here.
Perks of slapping your name
on a building. I guess.
If only they knew. right?
Took an eight-course steak dinner
and a half bottle of Macallan 25
to finally pull the name Jacob Monroe
from Dean Wu's mouth.
Did she mention
any other fun details about me?
[chuckling] A dual JD. MBA.
summa cum laude.
But what she couldn't tell me. though.
was why your name isn't on that building
when you funded most of it.
I prefer to keep quiet
about the causes I support.
It's a shame.
The Monroe Center.
I'd love to see more Americans
throw their weight around here.
Tony was born in Cleveland. actually.
How do you go about funding
all of these philanthropic endeavors?
Let me save us both some time.
I get the alumni bulletins.
I know who you are.
And I'm aware of what you're up to here.
Ran your mouth a little too much.
said some things you shouldn't have.
and now your well's running dry.
If you think I'm gonna open my checkbook
out of the goodness of my heart.
or because of some collegiate brotherhood.
you're about to be very disappointed.
Can't blame a man for trying.
Well...
doesn't mean
we can't help each other though.
Maybe I can do some digging.
find some skeletons.
find something
to edge out the competition.
And in exchange?
Well. that's what
negotiations are for. right?
And that's where
the real fun is... isn't it?
[ominous music playing]
[opening theme music playing]
[sirens wailing]
[officer speaking indistinctly over PA]
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct chatter over police radio]
[tires screeching]
[suspenseful music playing]
[officer] Sir.
Five men matching your description
came in early this morning
to fix an issue with our HVAC.
- UN workers?
- All have proper clearances.
- They're on the rooftop.
- Check them out. Make sure they're legit.
- What's the ETA of the evacuation?
- We're still working on it.
Managed to get ahead of the morning rush.
but there's still some stragglers.
As soon as you clear civilians.
let me know.
All right.
[music fades]
- Sutherland.
- Deputy Director.
I've got all sorts of questions for you.
But your case officer assures me
you can answer 'em to my satisfaction.
So for now. load up.
Ms. Larkin.
I'd like you at the monitor with me.
- Really?
- Nobody's seen Markus in years.
We don't have names for the others.
- You're the only one who can ID them.
- Okay.
What was that about?
A misunderstanding.
A misunderstanding?
That's good.
I was hoping for an explanation
that is not exactly
what the fuck it looks like.
That my agent went AWOL
for the second time in a month.
after absconding
with a high-value suspect.
He wanted you
to do something for him. didn't he?
Solomon's boss.
We were running out of time.
I needed to find the mobile lab.
- To find Rose.
- No. to end this.
All of it.
And when we do.
I'll tell you everything. Okay?
I'm gonna hold you to that.
[tense music playing]
[ominous music playing]
How many left?
Two more.
Zann and the others
should have been here by now.
[officer] Approaching rooftop now.
[officer 2] Roger.
Holding for your report.
[indistinct chatter]
- I don't see Peter or Catherine here.
- Because they aren't.
Not officially.
[HVAC whirring]
They are gone!
[officer grunting]
[man grunting]
[officer 2 grunting]
[body thudding]
Shots fired. ESU on me. We're moving.
[officer] Let's go.
[officer 2] Shots fired. Shots fired...
[Markus] Hurry up.
Time to move to the second target.
- [officer] Making entry.
- We have to go! Now!
Come!
Split up! One of us
needs to get outside with the weapon!
[door closing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[officers chattering indistinctly]
[officer] Let's go! Let's go!
[officer 2] Stay to the right.
Stay to the right.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[door closing]
[lock clicking]
- [keypad chiming]
- [lock disengaging]
[door closing]
- [keypad chiming]
- [lock disengaging]
[door closing]
[guns firing in distance]
[officer] Shots fired! Shots fired!
Fourth floor. 2/3 corner.
[door closing]
[door opening]
[Peter] Hey!
White shirt. show me your hands.
[man] Don't shoot.
I work here.
- [Peter] He's clean.
- [man] Like I said. I work here.
We'll see. ID check.
- Yeah. he's one of them.
- [Aiden] Positive ID. Detain.
All units be advised.
suspects have changed attire.
You stay on him. Jones on my six.
[zip ties zipping]
[suspenseful music playing]
[officer] This way.
Suspect in the east atrium.
[footsteps approaching]
- Stay back!
- [officer 2] He's got a canister!
I said stay back!
[man grunting]
[officer 3] Suspect down.
- [door opening]
- [officer 3] Checking canister.
[door closing]
[officer] Canister intact.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[door closing]
[Markus shushing]
[inaudible]
[Markus] Suspect spotted.
Conference room C.
On our way.
[Markus softly] Let's go. Let's go.
[man shushing]
Please. please.
Please. please. please.
- [man shushing]
- [woman grunting]
[man] Be quiet!
- [cups crashing]
- [woman yelping]
[woman shrieking]
[Markus] It's all right. ma'am.
You're safe now. Are you okay?
[woman breathing heavily]
- Your bag.
- [officer] NYPD.
[Markus] UNDSS.
[officer] Where is he?
[officer] Suspect down.
I need an ID check.
- Him too.
- Positive ID.
[Markus] I heard something that way.
[officer] Get her out.
We'll sweep the area.
Do we have another view of the guy?
I didn't see his face.
- The UN security guy?
- Yeah.
That's Markus. That's him.
All units be on the lookout.
Suspect is in a UNDSS uniform.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[dog panting]
[indistinct chatter]
Make sure she's okay.
- Hey...
- He's still inside.
Wait. The officer who was with you.
where'd he go?
He was right here.
[in French] He still has my purse...
[in English] Stop everyone
in a UNDSS uniform.
[Rose] Over here.
Two more in here.
[officer] Found some more over here.
[Peter] We got 13 canisters of K.X.
up on the rooftop.
We need Hazmat up here now.
One on the dead suspect.
That's 14 canisters.
We manufactured 15.
Where you going?
[bag zipping]
- [keypad chiming]
- [lock clicking]
[tense music playing]
[cell phone vibrating]
Hey. Any news on Solomon?
Don't tell me
he got himself detained again.
What?
[ominous music playing]
[latch clicking]
- [Catherine] No sign of Markus?
- [Aiden] Or the missing K.X.
NYPD is conducting a perimeter search.
We're working to neutralize
the other canisters.
- What's taking so long?
- They installed tamper-proof trip wires.
We had to get the bomb squad.
Should be done within the hour.
The man we captured.
could he know where Markus was headed?
Claims he doesn't.
but he shed some light on motive.
Markus set the canisters
to release the K.X.
once the power usage
hit 200 kWh. around midday.
With the UN at full capacity.
About the same time
the Security Council was set to vote
on how to carve Viktor Bala's dominion
into three separate countries.
Markus still has enough K.X.
to kill thousands.
We're sending units
to the permanent missions and residences
of all Security Council members.
in case he tries to target one of them.
Deputy Director.
Check in with Ms. Larkin.
She's working some sort of black magic.
[door opening]
There you are. finally.
- You find Markus?
- No. his cousin Tomás though.
I've got AdVerse fired up now.
Two hits in the last few weeks
that look promising.
A TikToker caught him
in the background of a video
meeting with this guy. George Simko.
He's part of Viktor Bala's legal team.
- He has an office in the Seagram Building.
- And the second hit?
He mentioned someone named Sloane.
sounded like a girlfriend.
As of last week. they were together
in the penthouse of the Wynnfield Hotel.
Maybe one of them knows where Markus
is hiding. or where he's heading.
Doesn't hurt to ask.
Divide and conquer. Come on.
[suspenseful music playing]
[door opening]
[Sloane gasping]
[door closing]
Tomás?
I swear to Christ.
you'd better have a bloody good reason
for not returning my calls.
I've been worried sick!
[door opening]
Markus? What...
- Why are you here? Where's Tomás?
- He's safe.
But the three of us
need to leave the country.
Why? What mess
have you got him involved in now?
Oh. it's nothing. He'll explain later.
But he needs you to get the jet ready.
Why didn't he call and tell me?
[sirens wailing in distance]
Markus!
Look. he can't talk now.
but he said he'll meet us at JFK.
The jet is in Teterboro.
It is always there.
Wherever. He just needs it done.
No. I need to talk to him.
I won't do anything until I talk to him.
Talk. talk. talk.
That's all he ever did. was talk.
Look where that got him.
[Rose] NYPD's already here.
A lot of diplomats in town
for the General Assembly
stay at hotels nearby.
Seagram Building's five minutes from here.
I'll take the lawyer.
You two. take the girlfriend.
I want you waiting at the car
when I finish.
Got it.
[car horns honking]
[Rose] Whatever happened
between you and Catherine
is more than just a misunderstanding.
How did you find me. Peter?
After you were taken.
I released Solomon from custody.
Got me face to face with his boss.
who offered me a deal.
The location of you and the mobile lab
for a favor that required me
to break into the UN.
And you told him to fuck off. right?
- Tell me you didn't do that for me.
- Not just for you.
We were running out of time. and no one
was even thinking of the name Viktor Bala.
But you wouldn't have considered it
if I wasn't there.
But you were there.
I promised to protect you.
Some good that did.
I chose to come to New York to find you.
I asked Catherine to stay.
- I put myself at risk.
- To protect me.
Yeah. and some good that did.
Come on.
[tense music playing]
Never understood
why he liked wearing these so tight.
But I get it now.
Made him feel big.
[Markus breathing deeply. exhaling]
[Markus] Time for our flight. Sloane.
Killing you will make things
much more complicated for me.
But I'll do it if I have to. Understood?
Good.
[elevator chiming]
[Sloane screaming]
Stay here.
[doorbell chiming]
[Peter] Miss Killory. open up.
It's the FBI.
- I have questions for you.
- [softly] Quiet.
Come on. I know you're in there.
If you don't open the door.
I'm gonna get hotel security to let me in.
- Everything okay?
- What's all this about?
- I'm trying to enjoy my breakfast.
- Sorry to bother you.
Just looking to ask you a few questions
about your boyfriend. Tomás Bala.
And his cousin. Markus Dargan.
Have they reached out to you?
Tomás is in D.C.
for a work trip for a couple of days.
What about Markus?
Is someone we haven't
associated with in years.
- Please. if you just let us in...
- Who the hell are you?
- It doesn't matter. You have a warrant?
- No.
Then let me make this simpler.
Either get one.
or I'll ask the hotel
to remove you for harassment.
Sorry to bother you. ma'am.
- Did you see that?
- Yeah. Universal distress signal.
That means he's in there with her. Okay?
So call Catherine. alert the NYPD.
Help!
Get out of here. Rose!
[suspenseful music playing]
[shards clattering]
I'll tell the cops downstairs.
Just get here now. Catherine.
What do you want me to say?
Just tell them the HVAC's screwed up.
Hey. can...
I'm sorry. what's wrong with the AC?
Oh. don't worry. ma'am. we're fixing it.
[suspenseful music continues]
One step closer. and I cut her throat.
- Leave.
- You know I can't do that. Markus.
But we can end this. peacefully.
[door opening]
- Ma'am. you can't be here.
- How long has the AC been acting up?
- I'm sorry. guests are not allowed here.
- Just answer the goddamn question.
Forty-five minutes. give or take.
Are you looking for something? Ma'am.
What is that?
No. don't touch it.
It has a trip wire in there.
A trip wire?
- How long before it reaches 200 kWh?
- Uh. running at max?
- Like. eight more minutes.
- Shut the system down. close the vents.
This terminal isn't working.
There's one on the ground floor.
I'd have to call the manager.
Then tell them
there's a chemical weapon in the building.
[intense music playing]
[alarm blaring]
You hear that? NYPD
and hotel security will be coming up.
Talk to me. and we can
figure out a solution together.
[Rose panting]
[Peter] Don't throw your life away
for your uncle's twisted revenge plot.
If he was willing
to sacrifice his own son...
I'm more of a son to Viktor
than Tomás ever was.
You can't escape.
but you can get out of here alive.
- Listen to him.
- Shut your mouth!
- [Peter] Listen to me!
- Stay back!
[alarm blaring]
Let her go. Markus.
I'll walk you out of this building.
Nobody's gonna hurt you.
No one else has to die today.
It's too late for that.
I'll die a warrior. A hero.
A Bala.
[Sloane shrieking]
[Markus grunting. groaning]
You okay?
The K.X.. it's here. We only have
six minutes before it deploys.
Get out of the building.
We have to evacuate
as many people as we can.
Come on.
[woman] I could barely hear myself think.
- [exhaling] Chemical weapon?
- That's what she said.
My partner went to investigate.
Take it from me.
we need to evacuate the whole building.
- That could take over an hour.
- Get started.
Make sure you keep everyone
as far away as possible.
- You. we need to shut down the HVAC.
- [man] Okay.
I... I... I can take you to the control room.
Take the stairs.
Get as far down as you can. Go. Now.
You have to evacuate now. Go.
- Okay.
- How much time do we have left?
Uh. four-ish minutes.
[cell phone vibrating]
[softly] Here.
Yeah?
We can't shut down the top four floors
through the computer terminal.
- We can't get everyone out in time.
- There's another way.
If the system senses a fire.
the vents will seal automatically
to smother it.
which will trap the K.X. inside.
but the sensors are back upstairs.
[Peter] I'm on my way up.
Give it a minute. then go down.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Ma'am. FBI. get out of the building. now.
[woman] Okay.
- Come on. Come on.
- [keyboard clacking]
Come on. Come on.
- Rose.
- I helped make it. I'm gonna help stop it.
What are you looking for?
Anything that'll burn. Okay?
Towels. sheets. toilet paper...
- Are there any matches?
- No. The HVAC will blow those out.
- We need something bigger. faster.
- Well. I'm open to better ideas.
- Sulfuric acid.
- What?
Sulfuric acid and ethanol
will spontaneously combust
Dr. Cole taught me that.
Just trust me. We need to find some...
Ethanol.
- Yeah.
- Come on. let's go.
[door closing]
[door opening]
Check how much time we have left.
I'll find the sensor.
Okay.
A minute. maybe less.
- Up there. Come on.
- [Rose] Okay.
- How much?
- The whole thing.
Stand back.
- Rose.
- Just give it a second.
Rose.
[sizzling]
Look.
[music fades]
[both panting]
[dramatic music playing]
Floors 13 to penthouse sealed!
[man chuckling]
[Viktor exhaling]
[phone beeping]
Tell me. George.
how many souls shall I pray for today?
[dramatic music playing]
[indistinct chatter over police radio]
Hey. Come here.
When we go outside.
I'm gonna turn myself in
and admit everything to Catherine.
I don't know what'll happen next.
I'll spend the rest of my life
in a... in a cell. I...
I don't know.
But. um...
I need you to promise me something.
As long as I'm a night agent.
people are gonna try
to use you to get to me.
Because they know
that your safety...
That you mean everything to me.
And as long as you come searching for me.
you'll be at risk.
Peter. I...
Tell me I'm wrong.
[Rose sighing]
You aren't.
[Rose exhaling]
[Rose] I'm just tired.
I'm just tired of running and...
I just want a normal life.
You deserve one.
- But I...
- Promise me.
You're not gonna wait for me to call.
If you hear I'm in trouble.
you won't come looking for me.
Just forget about me.
I can't.
[Rose sniffling]
[Peter kissing]
- [crowd clamoring]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [officer] Stand down.
- Thank you.
We couldn't have stopped this
without you. Rose.
Thank you.
You ready?
Yeah.
We don't need to do it out here.
[cuffs clanking]
[car engine starting]
[music fades]
Peter Sutherland. session 2...
Peter Sutherland Jr.. session 2.
In our previous session. Peter.
you admitted to releasing Solomon Vega.
a suspect in an active
Night Action investigation. from custody.
You also admitted to breaking
and entering into the United Nations.
To stealing sensitive information
from the office of the secretary general.
the contents of which
are currently unknown.
And to transferring said information
to an unnamed associate of Mr. Vega.
A... What was the term you used?
[Catherine] An "intelligence broker."
[Aiden] Is that a fair summary of events?
Uh. yes. sir. It is.
[Aiden] I'd like to run through things
again. from the beginning.
Make sure we cover everything.
Any questions before we start?
No. uh. sir. Um...
I'm ready.
[dramatic music playing]
[man] A little more. Think you can get it?
[woman] That's perfect.
- Yeah.
- Just... On your left.
[man] Hold on. Hold on.
- [Chelsea] Your briefcase. sir.
- Of course.
Spread your arms and legs. please.
A second pat down?
I'm flattered you think a man of my age
could pose much of a threat.
This close to the election.
we like to be thorough.
Absolutely. Last thing we need
is American democracy
subverted by a young buck
with a switchblade.
Or an old fossil with a laptop.
[Jacob chuckling]
Governor Hagan is ready for you.
[tense music playing]
[Hagan chuckling]
Oh. he did not just say that.
- Think it'll do the trick?
- Oh. it's good.
It's too. too good.
Yeah. Eight years.
three elections together.
This is your magnum opus.
[knocking on door]
- [Chelsea] Five minutes. Governor.
- Wanna stay around for the speech?
I should get going.
- This is mine to keep. right?
- [Jacob] It is.
I retain the less relevant
materials for myself.
No. of course. Keep it.
It's important to reward good work.
Let's not forget who works for whom.
[ominous music playing]
[Hagan exhaling]
Did I ever tell you
the story of these boots. Jacob?
No?
Well. it was a couple years before we met.
I was running for State House.
I was trailing by a pretty healthy margin.
I don't know who. don't know how.
but some journalist heard from somewhere
that the boots that I wore
on the campaign trail
belonged to my great uncle.
And the voters. they ate it up.
"There's a man who respects the past.
respects his history. American values."
And the polls?
[Hagan whistling]
Won that race by nine points.
Now. if that journalist
had bothered to fact-check even a little.
he would've learned that
I bought these in a thrift store
the year before.
But he didn't.
And. uh...
yeah. it taught me a valuable lesson.
Sometimes. it's better just to let people
believe what they want about you.
[Hagan chuckling]
Have a good night.
[case clattering]
[ominous music playing]
[door opening]
[door closing]
DHS has expedited
your permanent resident applications.
but your asylum claims have been approved.
[phone ringing in distance]
[in Farsi] They've granted our asylum.
[woman in English] You've each been issued
a Social Security number.
The cards are inside.
You can use those to apply
for various aid programs. SNAP. TANF...
All the details are in the folder.
And this?
I wasn't told the particulars
of your situation.
but checks like those are used
to reimburse you
for any loss or damages suffered
in service of the U.S. government.
This is what America thinks
my brother was worth?
[woman] Again. I'm not familiar
with your situation.
I'm just here to take you
through next steps.
[in Farsi] I don't understand.
What's wrong?
What is it for?
Nothing to worry about.
It can wait until later.
[woman in English]
I'll be in touch when I have updates.
But until then.
welcome to the United States of America.
[dramatic music playing]
[Noor sighing]
[indistinct chatter]
- I'm going to go on my lunch break.
- All right.
Hey.
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
How did you find me?
Turns out I have connections
in high places.
- Oh my God. you made this?
- Mm-hmm.
It's incredible.
[Noor] It's okay.
Doesn't quite taste like home though.
How's your mom?
Last week.
she refused to get out of bed or eat.
This week. she's eating a little.
But all she really does is stare at photos
of Farhad all day on her phone.
The worst thing is.
I think he would have really loved it here
if he had given it a chance.
I'm so sorry for everything. Noor.
I know. Thank you.
Well. do you like working here at least?
[Noor] Gets me out of the house.
I'm applying to some new jobs.
but they can't verify my degree
with my university back home.
so I'll probably have to retake
some classes here.
Some days...
every day. I just hope it will get better.
It will.
Once you find a job that you like.
you make friends...
You can always call me whenever you want.
[Noor exhaling]
How are you doing?
I'm good. I'm back in California.
I'm buried in work with my promotion.
I'm doing therapy twice a week. It's good.
I feel like I can finally
start my life again.
And Peter?
I don't know.
But I... I think it's better that way.
[somber music playing]
[cell phone chiming]
- [woman] Check it out.
- [woman 2] No way.
- [Rose] You see this?
- [man] He dropped out.
- [woman] He's out?
- See what?
[man] He's out of the race?
[tense music playing]
Let's go for a walk.
So you guys figure out
what to do with me yet?
Not yet.
You've missed out on a lot
these last couple of weeks.
"In an unprecedented move.
Patrick Knox withdrew his candidacy
for president
of the United States last night.
just two weeks
before the general election."
Apparently.
when he was director of the CIA.
Patrick Knox spearheaded a classified
chemical-weapons program.
Foxglove?
Knox authorized it?
He also oversaw the sale
of Foxglove weapons to Viktor Bala.
Figured all this out after the attack?
From the archive I stole
from the secretary general's computer?
The New York Times
received an audio recording
from an anonymous source.
One of Knox's deputies
offering Viktor Bala
samples from Project Foxglove.
Recordings were found years ago
during the UN's investigation
into Bala's use of chemical weapons.
but... never made it into evidence.
I don't get it. Why would the broker
want me to get this for him?
I suspect it was his plan all along.
Use the chaos of the attack
to slip someone into the UN.
finding the smoking gun
tying Knox to Foxglove.
For what?
Governor Hagan's virtually guaranteed
the presidency now.
[Peter] So America spends the next four
years pursuing an isolationist agenda.
and the demand
for an intelligence broker skyrockets.
You saying I swung
a presidential election?
[Catherine] No.
I'm saying you aided and abetted
in the swinging
of a presidential election.
[woman] Do you see?
[indistinct chatter. laughter]
I haven't been completely honest with you.
Early in my career. I worked
one of the biggest Night Actions to date.
My partner and I. we were charged
with finding the mole
in the Pentagon breach.
- You investigated my father?
- That is eventually where it led. yes.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- I wanted to give you a fair shot.
And telling you. it would have soured
our relationship from jump.
I watched as Jamie Hawkins
turned your father into a double agent.
And the thing that finally turned him...
was you.
He said if the truth ever got out.
he wanted his son to know
that he did what he could
to make up for his mistakes.
To atone.
- Do you want a chance to make this right?
- Just tell me how.
[dramatic music playing]
A new mission.
There's a strong possibility
that this broker is working with
or about to control a sitting president.
and that every piece
of classified intelligence
that crosses the Resolute Desk
is up for sale to the highest bidder.
We need you to determine
the exact nature of their relationship.
What makes you think
I can figure that out?
The broker removed
all traces of you at the UN.
He wants you around for some reason.
Maybe as an insurance policy
on his biggest asset?
Or as a check
on the man he's about to crown
the most powerful person in the world.
Well. in any case.
he still believes he owns you.
So... we're gonna let him.
There's going to be a day
when he will call on you for a favor.
or to give orders.
And when he does.
I want you to do exactly as he asks.
Gain his trust.
uncover every snake on his payroll.
And then. expose. destroy.
If it leads all the way up
to the Oval Office?
We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.
In the meantime.
this mission is top secret.
even from Night Action.
which will make it
difficult and dangerous.
But if you're game.
Mosley and I will wipe your slate clean.
So...
You already know I'm in.
What happens now?
Now. you wait for him to call.
["Smoke and Mirrors" by Gotye playing]
[Peter sighing]
♪ You're a fraud and you know it ♪
♪ But it's too good to throw it all away ♪
♪ Anyone would do the same ♪
♪ Got 'em going ♪
♪ And you're careful not to show it ♪
♪ Sometimes you even fool yourself a bit ♪
♪ It's like magic ♪
♪ But it's always been
A smoke and mirrors game ♪
♪ Anyone would do the same ♪
♪ So now that you've arrived
Well. you wonder ♪
♪ What is it that you've done
To make the grade ♪
♪ And should you do the same? ♪
♪ Is that too easy? ♪
♪ Are you only tryin' to please them? ♪
♪ Will they see then? ♪
♪ You're desperate to deliver ♪
♪ And it's admirable you tell yourself ♪
♪ And so you gladly sell yourself
To others ♪
♪ Mother. Mother. Mother. Mother ♪
♪ Are you watching? ♪
♪ Mother. Mother ♪
♪ Mother. Mother. Mother ♪
♪ Are you watching? ♪
♪ Such highs and lows ♪
♪ You put on quite a show ♪
♪ All these highs and lows ♪
♪ And you're never really sure
What you do it for ♪
♪ Well. do you even want to know? ♪
♪ Yeah. you put on quite a show ♪
[music fades]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-